Her eyes have the sweet inspired fragrance of flowers rifled in the cold
alone in the wild, I still remember.
Her sweet connections, as my fell
You are like a soft memory like air.
The music cheese
My heart is sad today
I have one dream
I feel wet
Oh, how sad, how sad, you are too much
In the smell of the pre-imagined melody
You are too much like the sleeping planet that is afraid
The rain is falling, the rain is falling
The apple of the garden that falls on the bare feet of the one who is crying
Behind the person who is living too much without taking care of it
The color of the road is long, the fruit is bitter
It is just like a burning dream that is still in full bloom
Where are my friends?
Watching one person in a lonely chorus
Running to the high engineer carrying a 일이
Poem
I am alone in the starry sky, alone in the sun,
and I am not able to reach the stars.
The window is red and the sun is setting.
I am alone in the starry sky.